Proof of some theorems about Gödel's System T:
  progress, preservation, and termination,
  that observational and logical equivalence coincide,
  that logical equivalence contains definitional equivalence.
-Michael Sullivan (mjsulliv@cs.cmu.edu)

We use the strategy for representing substitutions and renamings presented in:
 http://thread.gmane.org/gmane.comp.lang.agda/3259
It is kind of unpleasant. There are a lot of lemmas we need to prove,
and treating renaming and substitution completely seperately is ugly.
The first reply to the post linked above presents a refinement that
avoids these problems, but at the cost of moving weakening into
every substitution function, where we can't reason about it.
The vast majority of my time spent on the proof of HT was fighting with
substitutions so that I could prove combine-subst-noob.

This uses an intrinsic representation, where the typing derivation
is intrinsic to the syntax datatype. This means that the
substitution lemma is built into the definition of substitution and
preservation is built into the dynamic semantics.

The dynamic semantics are call-by-name for function application but
eager for natural numbers. Being CBN makes a lot of things easier in
the HT and equivalence proofs, but we still want naturals to evaluate
to a numeral.

Some inspiration taken from
https://github.com/robsimmons/agda-lib/blob/pattern-0/GoedelT.agda

This relies on Rob Simmons' alternate Agda standard library:
https://github.com/robsimmons/agda-lib

This is my first real development in agda, so that is my excuse
for any terribleness. There are probably a bunch of ways to clean
things up and reduce some code duplication.

Source tree overview:
 T.agda: Contains the syntax (and intrinstically the static semantics),
         denotational semantics, definition of substitution (and
         intrinstically the substitution lemma), and dynamic semantics
         (intrinstically preservation).
 Progress.agda: statement and proof of progress
 SubstTheory.agda: A bunch of theorems about substitution and
                   renaming that are needed for the HT and
                   equivalence proofs
 DynTheory.agda: Some simple lemmas about the dynamic semantics
 HT.agda: Proof of hereditary termination

 Contexts.agda: Definition and a couple theorems about program contexts
                 (that is, programs with a hole in them)
 Eq.agda: Collects and rexports things about equivalences
 Eq/Defs.agda: Contains all the key definitions for the various equivalences
               (Kleene, observational, logical (open and closed), definitional)
               as well as definitions of properties of these relations
               (equivalence, congruence, consistency).
 Eq/KleeneTheory{Early,}.agda: Theorems about Kleene equality
 Eq/LogicalTheory.agda: Theorems about logical equivalence
                        (mainly that it is a consistent congruence)
 Eq/ObsTheory.agda: Theorems about observational equivalence
                    (that it is the coarsest consistent congruence and that
                     it respects substitution of observationally equivalent
                     terms)
 Eq/Theory.agda: The key results: theorems about the relationship between
                 equivalences.


 DenotCommutes.agda: Incomplete proof that the denotational
                     semantics commute with the dynamics
 Examples.agda: Some simple example T programs
 All.agda: Just includes everything else to make sure it all works

I think I am using the module system stupidly.
